# CS 349 A4 - Nathan Kwon, n4kwon (20934403)

I implemented this quiz app using Preact and a combination of style modules and Tailwind. For state management, I chose to use hooks wherever I could for managing local state and context when necessary to prevent prop drilling. The application is separated into 3 main components: Modebar, MiddleArea, and Statusbar. Since the modebar and statusbar were relatively short in terms of HTML code, I decided to keep all parts of it within the same component. The MiddleArea, on the other hand, was more complex. Thus, it has multiple child components like the Toolbar and EditPanel which are conditionally rendered depending on the mode that the application is in.

## Assignment Requirement Decisions:

- As per the Piazza post [here](https://piazza.com/class/lz8lw885gw66ie/post/118), with the cheating toggle, I have implemented it so that the button colour changes immediately in quiz mode instead of just starting from the next question. This is in line with what is done in the demo.

- For Step 7 of the Edit Overlay, I kept the edit panel a fixed size so that it maintains at least 60px of space on all sides. This was suggested as a solution to the resizing of the overlay in the Piazza post [here](https://piazza.com/class/lz8lw885gw66ie/post/174). I preferred implementing it this way so that the width/height was fixed because proportionally, the fixed size approach looks a bit more similar to the demo. I also thought that this looked better for the labels/text fields in the edit panel.

- For Step 8 of the Edit Overlay, it only specifies that the widgets do not receive mouse events so the user is still able to toggle cheating since this is a keyboard event.

- Some of the requirements don't specify an exact colour for the components (i.e. the button in the modebar). I have difficulty distinguishing some of the shades of grey, but I tried my best to get somewhat close to the colours used in the demo.

- I had one or two minor instances of prop drilling, but I tried to take them out of my implementation as I wanted to try other forms of state management like Context API (i.e. with the toolbar handlers).

- I had to add some custom styling for the buttons, which differs slightly from the demo. For instance, with the disabled button effect, I added opacity and removed the hover effect to make the button look disabled.

## Known Bugs and Workarounds:

- Sometimes when you refresh the page, the google translate option will sometimes pop up. This doesn't affect the overall application and closing the pop up will fix it.

## Use of AI Tools:

**Note:** I used ChatGPT to debug and improve some functions that involved some Array index searching and logic involving stack manipulation and also for this README to look a little nicer.

- The shuffleArray function in the helper.ts file was generated by ChatGPT to use generic typing for more clean code.

- I created the redo and undo stack manipulation logic but parts were refactored by ChatGPT to make it more cleaner and readable.

- Some of the styling in the css file was fixed with ChatGPT as I was initially formatting some of the styling incorrectly.
