# CS 349 A1 - Nathan Kwon, n4kwon (20934403)

Most of my code is in the main.ts file. I separated it into 3 portions - drawing functions for the callback, event handler, and then game logic. If the MVC pattern was a focus, I would have formatted this differently into different files but I just kept the draw callback as clean as possible as stated on [Piazza](https://piazza.com/class/lz8lw885gw66ie/post/36).

## Assignment Requirement Decisions:

- As specified on [Piazza](https://piazza.com/class/lz8lw885gw66ie/post/45), if there only a few targets and they are distributed in a sort of tilted manner (i.e. none of them are exactly up/down or left/right), I tried to keep the "circle" formed by the outer edge of each of the targets 15px away from the browser borders and horizontal line.

- For Step 24 of the assignment, I initially implemented the target fill colors to each randomly choose hues and saturations. I decided against this as the game could choose multiple similar-looking hues or suboptimal colors, making the rainbow progression difficult to see. I instead have a fixed progression of rainbow colors (ROYGBIV) but the starting point of the progression is random. You can see all the chosen colors if you set the number of targets to be 8.

- If you longclick one of the targets (and let go), you will see the animation of the yellow outline effect but the game will also be effectively reset. I chose to do this as it's easier to deal with this way and also looks okay.

## Known Bugs and Workarounds:

- If you chorded click (click left and right trackpad at same time) and try to open the console, the screen will stay in an error state. A workaround for this is to click the screen again, which will fix the error.

- (Not really a bug but) If the page is refreshed, the targets will go back to their default radius and number.

## Use of AI Tools:

**Note:** I used ChatGPT to generate some functions that involved some more mathematical computations for this assignment and also for this README to look a little nicer.

- The shuffleArray and calculateTargetPositions functions in main.ts were created by ChatGPT, specifically for the former to use Typescript generics (to promote code reusability) and the latter to use some cos and sin angle calculations when ensuring that the targets formed a circular pattern.

- Some of the math involving the randomizing of the wiggles were also generated by ChatGPT.
